Update docs to indicate that providers are no longer enabled by default (#1530)
elastic/ingest-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/elastic-agent/configuration/providers/elastic-agent-providers.asciidoc

      - item: key2
----

> Providers are disabled by default.

Reviewer: This is not correct.

```suggestion
Providers are automatically enabled if a provided is referenced in a policy.
```

Author: Changed to `Providers are enabled automatically if a provider is referenced in an {agent} policy.` via [7595bbc](https://github.com/elastic/ingest-docs/pull/1530/commits/7595bbc5b4f012b1cb9c87bdd2f60cd6b6d7b1cb)

> Explicitly enable a provider by setting `enabled: true`.

Reviewer: Even this will not cause a provide to run. The provider must be referenced in the policy or it will not run.

Author: I removed the "Explicitly enable..." sentence.

* <<kubernetes-provider,Kubernetes Provider>>

[discrete]

> [[enable-providers-by-default]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[[disable-providers-by-default]]
```

> === Enabling providers By default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Disabling Providers By Default
```

* <<kubernetes-provider,Kubernetes Provider>>

[discrete]
[[enable-providers-by-default]]
=== Enabling providers By default

> All registered providers are disabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All registered providers are disabled by default until they are referenced in a policy.
```

> Disable all providers by default and only enable explicitly configured providers by setting `agent.providers.initial_default: false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can disable all providers even if they are referenced in a policy by setting `agent.providers.initial_default: false`.
```

All registered providers are disabled by default.

Disable all providers by default and only enable explicitly configured providers by setting `agent.providers.initial_default: false`.

[source,yaml]
----

> agent.providers.initial_default: false

Reviewer: I don't think this needs to be change.

agent.providers.initial_default: true
providers:
  docker:

>     enabled: true

Reviewer: I don't think this needs to be change.

Reviewer: You could possibly provide context on what this configuration is doing.

```
This disables all provides from running except for the docker provider (if it becomes referenced in the policy).
```

* <<kubernetes-provider,Kubernetes Provider>>

[discrete]
[[enable-providers-by-default]]
=== Enabling providers By default

All registered providers are disabled by default.

> Enable all providers by default and only disable explicitly configured providers by setting `agent.providers.initial_default: true`.

Reviewer: You should really keep this section how it was. As this still applies.

If you set `initial_default: false` and you have a provider referenced in the policy the provider still will not run.

Author: Roger that. I've changed this back to the original.
